Description
About Us

Gaia is one of the most exciting environmental software companies in the UK.

We are seeing more and more rules and regulations coming in across the world in order to combat the effects of climate change, requiring a huge amount of effort from both corporations and consumers alike.

We at Gaia believe that these changes are essential to building a better and more sustainable future for us all, however we also understand that the changes required could be costly in both time and revenue.

Gaia’s mission is to utilise technology to build out specific online products to make it easier to abide by government rules and regulations, creating solutions that help companies and individuals achieve these goals in the easiest and most cost efficient way.

We strongly believe that commercial success can work alongside environmental responsibility and that understanding is at the core of everything that we do.

As such we are always on the lookout for the right talent who are keen to work towards our mission of creating a better future for all of us.

https://gaiacompany.io

Responsibilities

We are looking for an individual to play a key role in supporting the founding team developing two of our products - Gaia’s Biodiversity Unit Marketplace and Carbon Accounting platforms.

The ideal candidate will be looking to start their career in software development with the added bonus of an interest in green and environmental policy.

This is an entry-level role and, as such, there is no prior experience required. You will be specifically trained directly by the founders.

Although we do not require any experience, the successful candidate must have a good core understanding of programming, in any language, and an aptitude to learn.

The role is hybrid with 3 days in our office in Covent Garden, London, and 2 days remote.

The Role and Core Responsibilities:

You will join our agile development team, working on a variety of tasks - ranging from new features, to bug fixing and software testing.
You will work on both frontend and backend development. Our tech stack includes React, Express, Redux, Node and PostgreSQL.
You will receive invaluable 1-2-1 training from senior software developers.
You will help drive innovation, offer new ideas and think up fresh ways of tackling problems.
Preferred Skills and Experience:

BSc undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related field.
Experience of React, Express, Redux, Node, PostgreSQL and AWS are beneficial.
Examples of development projects - either personal projects or commercial projects.
We will accept applications from those who do not meet all the above criteria, and those who are yet to graduate.

Salary & Benefits:

This role pays £30,000 to £35,000, depending on experience.
Profit share in the business (it is important to us that if Gaia succeeds, everyone succeeds)
30 days holiday
Flexible working
Dedicated training time
Regular events and social plans
Recruitment referral bonus

